README.md, before:

# KoronKorko Web-Application

## What is KoronKorko?

[KoronKorko][0] is a finance web-application developed by [Omar Kraidié][dev]. KoronKorko has many different types of finance calculators. All the available calculators are listed below in this `README.md` file.

The users of KoronKorko can select a currency in which the monetary results of the calculators are printed. The selected currency will be saved either in local storage or in the authenticated users preferences.

In Addition, authenticated users can:

-   create and save new calculations
-   edit existing calculations
-   import previously saved calculations
-   delete previously saved calculations

KoronKorko is created using the the MERN stack.

## Calculators of KoronKorko

### [Compound Interest Calculator][1]

Calculates the compound interest of your investments and can show you how long your investments will last.

The compound interest is calculated from various inputs such as starting balance, interest rate, duration, contribution and more. The calculated interest data can be viewed in both numerical and visual form.

---

### [Annualized Return Calculator][2]

Calculates the annualized return (CAGR) and the the total percent return of your investment.

---

### [Present Value Calculator][3]

Calculates the present value of your future investment with a specified discount rate.

---

### [Investment Time Calculator][4]

Calculates the amount of time needed to grow an investment to a certain future value given an annual interest rate.

---

### [Break Even Point Calculator][5]

Calculates the point at which total cost and total revenue are equal, meaning there is no loss or gain for your business.

---

### [Markup Calculator][6]

Calculates the difference between the cost and the selling price of your product.

---

[dev]: https://github.com/0mppula
[0]: https://www.koronkorko.com/
[1]: https://www.koronkorko.com/compound-interest-calculator
[2]: https://www.koronkorko.com/annualized-return-calculator
[3]: https://www.koronkorko.com/present-value-calculator
[4]: https://www.koronkorko.com/investment-time-calculator
[5]: https://www.koronkorko.com/break-even-point-calculator
[6]: https://www.koronkorko.com/markup-calculator

Commit message:

Added references to remastered version, fixed type-o's.

README.md, after:

# KoronKorko Web-Application

KoronKorko is created using the MERN stack with vanilla JavaScript & CSS. And a remastered version has been developed using using Next.js, NextAuth, MondoDB, TypeScript & Tailwind CSS.

Check out the remastered version of [KoronKorko][KoronKorkoNew] or its [source code][KoronKorkoCodeNew].

## What is KoronKorko?

[KoronKorko][0] is a finance web-application developed by [Omar Kraidié][dev]. KoronKorko has different types of finance calculators. All the available calculators are listed below in this `README.md` file.

The users of KoronKorko can select a currency in which the monetary results of the calculators are printed. The selected currency will be saved either in local storage or in the authenticated users preferences.

Authenticated users can:

-   create new and save new calculations
-   edit existing calculations
-   import previously saved calculations
-   delete previously saved calculations

## Calculators of KoronKorko

### [Compound Interest Calculator][1]

Calculates the compound interest of your investments and can show you how long your investments will last.

The compound interest is calculated from various inputs such as starting balance, interest rate, duration, contribution and more. The calculated interest data can be viewed in both numerical and visual form.

---

### [Annualized Return Calculator][2]

Calculates the annualized return (CAGR) and the the total percent return of your investment.

---

### [Present Value Calculator][3]

Calculates the present value of your future investment with a specified discount rate.

---

### [Investment Time Calculator][4]

Calculates the amount of time needed to grow an investment to a certain future value given an annual interest rate.

---

### [Break Even Point Calculator][5]

Calculates the point at which total cost and total revenue are equal, meaning there is no loss or gain for your business.

---

### [Markup Calculator][6]

Calculates the difference between the cost and the selling price of your product.

---

[dev]: https://github.com/0mppula
[0]: https://www.koronkorko.com/
[1]: https://www.koronkorko.com/compound-interest-calculator
[2]: https://www.koronkorko.com/annualized-return-calculator
[3]: https://www.koronkorko.com/present-value-calculator
[4]: https://www.koronkorko.com/investment-time-calculator
[5]: https://www.koronkorko.com/break-even-point-calculator
[6]: https://www.koronkorko.com/markup-calculator
[KoronKorkoNew]: https://www.koronkorko.com/
[KoronKorkoCodeNew]: https://github.com/0mppula/next-koronkorko
